some people that see me
[Music]
they might think my life's dirt
but i always thought of my life like a
fairy tale store
don't you want a home i got a home
skid row it's not a home not for our 12
year old girl hello alicia it's good to
meet you
you said her father was ill he suffered
a traumatic brain injury while serving
in iraq
he has episodes bad ones
social services want to take you away
from him but nobody's looking out for
your dad
he doesn't deserve that alicia
have you seen little girl she was
visiting her dad
alicia
never going out of the city going far
away
and then you'll get better i like that
dream
that's a good dream you stick together
you're me how does it feel to be
forgotten
what do you want more than anything
[Music]
i'm gonna mess with this you know he's
dangerous
he cannot take care of her dad
strong resilient
these are the parts that you're made of
[Music]
i think that you are very special
you my daughter
ain't nothing going
[Music]
you